org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.ExchangeActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PanicExitActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PanicExitActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DeleteKeyDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.dialog.RemoteSelectIdKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
