de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.DirectoryChooserActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StorageErrorActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromPathActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FlattrAuthActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FlattrAuthActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.receiver.MediaButtonReceiver -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.DownloadAuthenticationActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.ImportExportActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.SplashActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.receiver.MediaButtonReceiver
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.receiver.MediaButtonReceiver
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.receiver.MediaButtonReceiver
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.receiver.MediaButtonReceiver
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.PlayerWidgetJobService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.SplashActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromPathActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedSettingsActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromPathActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedSettingsActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromPathActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedSettingsActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.FeedInfoActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.CastplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.playback.PlaybackService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AudioplayerActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.VideoplayerActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AboutActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromPathActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromPathActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.AboutActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.ImportExportActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StatisticsActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.ImportExportActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.DirectoryChooserActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.DirectoryChooserActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.DirectoryChooserActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.StatisticsActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.DirectoryChooserActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.PreferenceActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.gpoddernet.GpodnetAuthenticationActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.receiver.SPAReceiver -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OnlineFeedViewActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.GpodnetSyncService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.GpodnetSyncService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.GpodnetSyncService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.GpodnetSyncService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.OpmlImportFromIntentActivity -> de.danoeh.antennapod.activity.MainActivity
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService
de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService -> de.danoeh.antennapod.core.service.download.DownloadService

