com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.activities.AddAttachmentActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.activities.AddAttachmentActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.AlarmSchedulingIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.ReminderSchedulerIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.AlarmSchedulingIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.BackupIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.ReminderSchedulerIntentService
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.TaskNotificationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.TaskNotificationReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.TaskNotificationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.TaskNotificationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.ImportTaskActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.SnoozeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.DefaultsPreferences -> org.tasks.activities.CalendarSelectionActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.core.DefaultsPreferences -> org.tasks.activities.CalendarSelectionActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.core.DefaultsPreferences -> org.tasks.activities.CalendarSelectionActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.core.DefaultsPreferences -> org.tasks.activities.CalendarSelectionActivity
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.receivers.CompleteTaskReceiver -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.activities.DonationActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
org.tasks.activities.AddAttachmentActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.FileExplore
org.tasks.activities.AddAttachmentActivity -> org.tasks.activities.CameraActivity
org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.BackupIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService
org.tasks.preferences.MiscellaneousPreferences -> org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService
org.tasks.preferences.MiscellaneousPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.FileExplore
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.activities.AddAttachmentActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.core.OldTaskPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.WidgetConfigActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RepeatConfirmationReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver
org.tasks.preferences.BackupPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.FileExplore
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.FirstLaunchReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.AACRecordingActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.activities.AddAttachmentActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> org.tasks.receivers.RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> org.tasks.ui.NavigationDrawerFragment$RefreshReceiver
org.tasks.voice.VoiceCommandActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.adapter.FilterAdapter$FilterListUpdateReceiver
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> org.tasks.widget.ScrollableWidgetUpdateService
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.BackupIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.AlarmSchedulingIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.ReminderSchedulerIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.RefreshSchedulerIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.AlarmSchedulingIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.MidnightRefreshService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.CalendarNotificationIntentService
org.tasks.receivers.MyPackageReplacedReceiver -> org.tasks.scheduling.ReminderSchedulerIntentService

