dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogDetailActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogDetailActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogDetailActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogDetailActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogDetailActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogDetailActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.FirewallService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RulesApplyService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.preferences.PreferencesActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.HelpActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.FirewallService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.MainActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOldActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOldActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOldActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOldActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOldActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOldActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.ApplyOnBootService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.RulesActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.OldLogActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.LogActivity
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.CustomScriptActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.DataDumpActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.DataDumpActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.DataDumpActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.DataDumpActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.DataDumpActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.DataDumpActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.ProfileActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.ProfileActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.ProfileActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.ProfileActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.ProfileActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.ProfileActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.activity.AppDetailActivity
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.RootShellService
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
haibison.android.lockpattern.LockPatternActivity -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.plugin.FireReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.broadcast.OnBootReceiver
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidgetOld
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.StatusWidget
dev.ukanth.ufirewall.service.LogService -> dev.ukanth.ufirewall.widget.ToggleWidget
