com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.SendSettingsReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ReceiveSettingsReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityAlt
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.InvisibleActivityAltDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ImportSettingsActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.InvisibleActivityAltDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityAlt
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityAlt
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.InvisibleActivityAltDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ImportSettingsActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.SendSettingsReceiver
