com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.IconPackApplyActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.ContextMenuActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.QuitReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.PackageUpgradeReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ImportSettingsActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.StartReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.BootReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.NotificationService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.receiver.ShowHideTaskbarReceiver -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.ContextMenuActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DashboardActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.DashboardActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityAlt
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.InvisibleActivityAltDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ImportSettingsActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity
