com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupComposition -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupComposition
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupIncoming -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupIncoming
com.fsck.k9.service.DatabaseUpgradeService -> com.fsck.k9.service.DatabaseUpgradeService
com.fsck.k9.activity.ManageIdentities -> com.fsck.k9.activity.EditIdentity
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupOptions -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupOptions
com.fsck.k9.activity.UpgradeDatabases -> com.fsck.k9.activity.UpgradeDatabases
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.FontSizeSettings -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.FontSizeSettings
com.fsck.k9.activity.MessageList -> com.fsck.k9.activity.MessageList
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupOutgoing -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupOutgoing
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSettings -> com.fsck.k9.activity.ManageIdentities
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupCheckSettings -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupCheckSettings
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.WelcomeMessage -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.WelcomeMessage
com.fsck.k9.provider.UnreadWidgetProvider -> com.fsck.k9.provider.UnreadWidgetProvider
com.fsck.k9.provider.UnreadWidgetProvider -> com.fsck.k9.activity.UnreadWidgetConfiguration
com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupNames -> com.fsck.k9.activity.setup.AccountSetupNames
com.fsck.k9.activity.Accounts -> com.fsck.k9.activity.Accounts
com.fsck.k9.activity.FolderList -> com.fsck.k9.activity.FolderList
com.fsck.k9.activity.UnreadWidgetConfiguration -> com.fsck.k9.activity.ChooseFolder
com.fsck.k9.activity.UnreadWidgetConfiguration -> com.fsck.k9.activity.ChooseAccount
com.fsck.k9.widget.list.MessageListWidgetProvider -> com.fsck.k9.activity.MessageCompose
com.fsck.k9.widget.list.MessageListWidgetProvider -> com.fsck.k9.widget.list.MessageListWidgetService
com.fsck.k9.widget.list.MessageListWidgetProvider -> com.fsck.k9.widget.list.MessageListWidgetProvider
com.fsck.k9.widget.list.MessageListWidgetProvider -> com.fsck.k9.activity.MessageList
com.fsck.k9.service.MailService -> com.fsck.k9.service.MailService
