es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.CalendarActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.SchedulesHelpActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MaterialIntroActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.WebViewActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.WebViewActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AboutActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AboutActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.SummaryCalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.SummaryCalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.UpdateFromFileActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.UpdateFromFileActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.UpdateFromFileActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.settings.CalendulaSettingsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.settings.CalendulaSettingsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.CalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.CalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
