com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.timers.TimerTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.service.UpgradeActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
org.tasks.reminders.MissedCallActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.core.DefaultsPreferences -> org.tasks.activities.CalendarSelectionActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmReceiver -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarReminderActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.repeats.RepeatTaskCompleteListener -> com.todoroo.astrid.alarms.AlarmTaskRepeatListener
org.tasks.preferences.BackupPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.FileExplore
org.tasks.activities.DonationActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.actfm.TagSettingsActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.ShareLinkActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskEditActivity
org.tasks.preferences.MiscellaneousPreferences -> com.todoroo.astrid.files.FileExplore
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.FilterShortcutActivity -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.FilterShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.FilterShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.activity.FilterShortcutActivity -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator -> com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator -> com.todoroo.astrid.widget.TasksWidget
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator -> com.todoroo.astrid.activity.TaskListActivity
com.todoroo.astrid.gcal.CalendarAlarmListCreator -> org.tasks.preferences.BasicPreferences
