org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.ExchangeActivity -> edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.GroupingActivity
edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.ExchangeActivity -> edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.VerifyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.service.PassphraseCacheService -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.service.PassphraseCacheService
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.ExchangeActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PanicExitActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PanicExitActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.CryptoInputParcelCacheService -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.CryptoInputParcelCacheService
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
