org.smssecure.smssecure.BlockedContactsActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.RecipientPreferenceActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.NewConversationActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ShareActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ShareActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.NewConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationPopupActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ExitActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ExitActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ApplicationPreferencesActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ImportExportActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ViewLocalIdentityActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.GroupCreateActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListArchiveActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.VerifyIdentityActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.MediaOverviewActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.PromptMmsActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListArchiveActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.MediaPreviewActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.MediaOverviewActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.MediaPreviewActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ShareActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.PassphrasePromptActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.LogSubmitActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.GroupCreateActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.GroupCreateActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.PushContactSelectionActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.DatabaseMigrationActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.PromptMmsActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.preferences.MmsPreferencesActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.ApplicationPreferencesActivity -> org.smssecure.smssecure.ConversationListActivity
org.smssecure.smssecure.service.KeyCachingService -> org.smssecure.smssecure.DummyActivity
