felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.SettingsActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.SettingsActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.LinCalBroadcastReceiver -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.AddCalendarActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.AddCalendarActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.SettingsActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.AddCalendarActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog -> org.acra.sender.SenderService
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog -> org.acra.sender.SenderService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.SettingsActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.AddCalendarActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarListActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.SettingsActivity
felixwiemuth.lincal.ui.CalendarViewActivity -> felixwiemuth.lincal.NotificationService

