com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.TaskbarService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.ContextMenuActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.DashboardActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.DashboardService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DashboardActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.service.StartMenuService -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.ContextMenuActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.KeyboardShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ContextMenuActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.StartTaskbarActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ShortcutActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ImportSettingsActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.dark.SelectAppActivityDark
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.SelectAppActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.InvisibleActivityFreeform
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.HomeActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.DummyActivity
com.farmerbb.taskbar.activity.ImportSettingsActivity -> com.farmerbb.taskbar.MainActivity
