org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RedirectImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.UploadKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsKeyServerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenChangePinOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DeleteKeyDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteBackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.AppSettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSelectPubKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DecryptActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsSmartPGPAuthoritiesActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteSecurityTokenOperationActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.SelectSignKeyIdActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.QrCodeViewActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EditKeyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ShowNfcSweetspotActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.linked.LinkedIdWizard -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> edu.cmu.cylab.starslinger.exchange.ExchangeActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.RetryUploadDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.DisplayTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.LogDisplayActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.HelpActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyFingerprintActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptTextActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.keyview.ViewKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.OrbotRequiredDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.BackupActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.EncryptFilesActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.PassphraseDialogActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SecurityTokenOperationActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SettingsActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CertifyKeyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ViewKeyAdvActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.remote.ui.RemoteErrorActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.SafeSlingerActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.MainActivity
org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.ImportKeysProxyActivity -> org.sufficientlysecure.keychain.ui.CreateKeyActivity
