eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ManageAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ManageAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ImportBackupActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ManageAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ManageAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PublishProfilePictureActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ChangePasswordActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.BlocklistActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PublishProfilePictureActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ChooseAccountForProfilePictureActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PublishProfilePictureActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ImportBackupActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConversationActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.MagicCreateActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.MediaBrowserActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.MediaBrowserActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ShareWithActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ChooseContactActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ShareWithActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConversationsActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ManageAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PickServerActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ImportBackupActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConferenceDetailsActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PublishGroupChatProfilePictureActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConferenceDetailsActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.MucUsersActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PickServerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.MagicCreateActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PickServerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ManageAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PickServerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PickServerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.WelcomeActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ScanActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ScanActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ChannelDiscoveryActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ChooseContactActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConversationsActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.UriHandlerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.EditAccountActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.UriHandlerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ShareWithActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.UriHandlerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.UriHandlerActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.UriHandlerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ScanActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.UriHandlerActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConversationActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.ConversationsActivity
eu.siacs.conversations.ui.PublishProfilePictureActivity -> eu.siacs.conversations.ui.StartConversationActivity
