es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity$2
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity$2
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity$2
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity$2
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity$2
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.BootReceiver -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.SummaryCalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.UpdateFromFileActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.UpdateFromFileActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.pinlock.PinLockActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.settings.CalendulaSettingsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.notifications.LockScreenAlarmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmIntentService -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.NotificationEventReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.settings.CalendulaSettingsActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.settings.CalendulaSettingsActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesSearchActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesSearchActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.WebViewActivity
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobBootReceiver -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScheduleCreationActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.CalendarActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicineInfoActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MaterialIntroActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MaterialIntroActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.SchedulesHelpActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.settings.CalendulaSettingsActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.MedicinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.HomePagerActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesSearchActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AllergiesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.RoutinesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientDetailActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.PatientsActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ConfirmSchedulesActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.AlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.WebViewActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.AboutActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.ScanActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.gcm.PlatformGcmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v21.PlatformJobService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmReceiver
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
com.evernote.android.job.JobRescheduleService -> com.evernote.android.job.v14.PlatformAlarmService
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.CalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.scheduling.PickupAlarmReceiver
es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.CalendarActivity -> es.usc.citius.servando.calendula.activities.StartActivity

