eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.SelectTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.SelectTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.SelectProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.SelectProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.SelectTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingResultActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingExportActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingResultActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingExportActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.donations.google.BillingService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.SelectProjectActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.SelectTaskActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.ActionDialogBroadCastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationAddActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.SplitBroadCastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSplitActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.notifcationbar.StatusBarOthersActionHandleActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.ActionDialogBroadCastReceiver
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.notifcationbar.StatusBarOthersActionHandleActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.ActionDialogBroadCastReceiver
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditProjectAndTaskActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.AddEditTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditProjectAndTaskActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.ResetPreferencesActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.PreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.ResetApplicationPreferencesActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.AddEditProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.CopyProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.CopyProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ProjectDetailsActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.AlarmSyncInitBroadcastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.AlarmSyncInitBroadcastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.AlarmSyncInitBroadcastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.AlarmSyncInitBroadcastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.AlarmSyncInitBroadcastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.AlarmSyncInitBroadcastReceiver -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncHistoryActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditEndTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSetCommentActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSplitActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditStartTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditEndTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchOutActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditStartTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSplitActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationRestartActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchOutActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditStartTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditProjectAndTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchOutActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSetCommentActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditEndTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSetCommentActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSplitActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchOutActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSetCommentActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationRestartActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationRestartActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditProjectAndTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditEndTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditProjectAndTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationRestartActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditProjectAndTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationEditStartTimeActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDeleteActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationSplitActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.widget.Configuration2x1Activity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.tasks.SelectTaskActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.widget.Configuration2x1Activity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.SelectProjectActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchOutActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountRegisterActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountProfileActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.AccountSyncPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountSyncService
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationDetailActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.BackupPreferencesActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.utils.file.DirectoryPicker
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.notifcationbar.StatusBarSplitActionHandleActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.SplitBroadCastReceiver
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.notifcationbar.StatusBarSplitActionHandleActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.broadcastreceiver.SplitBroadCastReceiver
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.projects.ManageProjectsActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationPunchInActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.about.AboutActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.preferences.PreferencesActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationListActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.account.AccountLoginActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.HomeActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingResultActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingCriteriaActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.reporting.ReportingResultActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.notifcationbar.StatusBarPunchOutHandleActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity
eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.notifcationbar.StatusBarPunchOutHandleActivity -> eu.vranckaert.worktime.activities.timeregistrations.TimeRegistrationActionActivity

